[RAM] Docs for slack improvements (#153885)
elastic/kibana: docs/management/connectors/action-types/slack.asciidoc

as you're creating or editing the connector in {kib}. For example:

[role="screenshot"]
image::management/connectors/images/slack-api-params.png[Slack API connector test]
// NOTE: This is an autogenerated screenshot. Do not edit it directly.

Slack actions have the following properties:

Channels::
One or more channels that your Slack app has access to.
This option is available only in the web API type of connector.

> Message:: The message	text, converted to the `text` field in the Webhook JSON payload.

Reviewer: Is this description correct for the web API method?  
> Message:: The message	text, converted to the `text` field in the Webhook JSON payload. Currently only the text field is supported...

If not, perhaps something more general like this is sufficient: "The Slack message text, which cannot contain Markdown, images, or other advanced formatting."

[float]
[[configuring-slack]]
=== Configure a Slack account

Before you can create a Slack connector, you must configure your account and obtain the necessary URL or token.

[float]
[[configuring-slack-webhook]]
==== Configure a Slack account with Webhook

. Log in to http://slack.com[slack.com] as a team administrator.

> . Follow first 3 paragraphs of https://api.slack.com/messaging/webhooks.

Reviewer: In case that page changes and the first three paragraphs are not necessarily the same, I recommend that we call out the specific steps required. For example:
```suggestion
. Create a Slack app, enable incoming webhooks, then create an incoming webhook. Refer to https://api.slack.com/messaging/webhooks.
```

. Copy the generated webhook URL so you can paste it into your Slack connector form.

> . If you are using the <<action-settings,`xpack.actions.allowedHosts`>> setting, make sure the hostname from the URL is added to the allowed hosts.

Reviewer: > . If you are using the <<action-settings,`xpack.actions.allowedHosts`>> setting, make sure the hostname from the URL is added to the allowed hosts.

This was originally elsewhere in the page, but IMO it seems most pertinent here.

Use the <<action-settings,Action configuration settings>> to customize connector networking configurations, such as proxies, certificates, or TLS settings. You can set configurations that apply to all your connectors or use `xpack.actions.customHostSettings` to set per-host configurations.

[float]

> [[configuring-slack-webhook]]

Reviewer: > [[configuring-slack-webhook]]

I believe the current doc build issue is related to the fact that this PR removes the `[[configuring-slack]]` anchor, which is used in https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/9517d067b5d7bb57d89bd62a1f786fda308da26b/packages/kbn-doc-links/src/get_doc_links.ts#L497, which in turn is used here: https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/9517d067b5d7bb57d89bd62a1f786fda308da26b/x-pack/plugins/stack_connectors/public/connector_types/slack/slack_webhook_connectors.tsx#L24

Reviewer: I've re-added the `configuring-slack` anchor and made some other minor edits via 65c26c5e4b9c02948929f0be912a62cfff808856
